Huang Miao, you are the one who is in ruins,
This should be difficult group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group group
GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP
GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP
Wait until you can stand on the top
Okay, but in order to marry you, a woman
Quit the arena
I'm looking for a princess now.
Why should I suffer?
Nothing to rush
No need to go to sleep
I'm going to live here
So soon
Is it a civilian area?
This is all about accommodation
OK I got it
Just go in and wait right here.
I'll come as soon as I go